We are actually doing this meeting to start a new project which is about designing a remote control. So I'm going to be the project manager of this project. I'm Fabien Cardinaux. and I I guess you can present yourself.
So my name is Petre. in the project I'm supposed to be the technic.
'Kay. So my name's Bob Morris. I'm the Marketing Expert for this project.
My name is Hamed Getabdar,. and I'm going to be Interface Designer in this project.
We are talking about the project plan,. So what is the goal of this project? Is to design a new remote control. So it's more like we are going to do inv individual work all in in our specialities. and we are going to meet each other quite often to discuss and to find a good way. so now we are going to to get used to to the tools we are going to use all during all this project. For example we can try to write what is our our favourite animal and write the our favourite characteristics about it. So I will ask you all to do the same.
Well sh should I draw the picture of the animal?
Yeah, yeah, you can draw the picture, of course. we are going to to sell we want to sell this remote control for twenty five Euro Euro. And our expected profit will be around fifty million Euro. And we are trying to to have a market all around the world. We expect a production cost of maximum twelve point fifty Euro. so we can start today to have a first idea of what we want to do what are our experiments with remote control, and any idea?
Well, from experience, I've had remote controls in the past that have had very they've had lots and lots of buttons and they've been very small,. and it's been very hard to to to use, because there's so many buttons,. you know, on a TV remote you only ever use, mostly, you know, four or six buttons..
First would be that in current remote controls there is no back light,. so if you are if you are playing with this in the dark room it's it's probably worth to to have something like back light. And the second thing, second point from me would be that in a normal remote control there is there are two buttons for volume control. But I prefer like a potential-meter or something like.
Are you not afraid that if you take your remote control you can move the slide and it could the the volume can go up very quickly
Yeah but we can we can think of these things afterwards,
I I prefer remote control working with radio waves,. because remote control working with infra-red rays you should you should you should keep it in a specific direction and then try it hard to tune.
So we will have a next meeting in thirty minutes. the the interface interface developer will work on the on the design of the remote control,. you are going to try to to find the user requirements for the remote control.